Add the necessary pointer information to ensure errors are raised for multi-level containers (#2258)
pyccel/pyccel: CHANGELOG.md

-   #2098 : Fix using multiple list comprehensions.
-   #1948 : Fix list comprehension does not work in C.
-   #2245 : Fix internal error when an inhomogeneous tuple appears as an indexed element.

> -   #2258 : Fix missing errors for bad pointer handling with multi-level containers.

Author: The errors that were missing previously are the ones added by this PR which are tested in the new files in the errors/ folder. E.g.
```
ERROR at annotation (semantic) stage
pyccel:
 |warning [semantic]: RETURN_LIST_ELEMENT.py| Lists of non-scalar objects are not yet fully supported. Using containers in lists may lead to bugs such as memory leaks (list[list[int]])
 |error [semantic]: RETURN_LIST_ELEMENT.py [5,4]| Variable b goes out of scope but may be the target of a pointer which is still required (c := b[0])
 |error [semantic]: RETURN_LIST_ELEMENT.py| A pointer can only be returned from a function if it points at one of the arguments. (c)
```

The errors themselves existed before this PR, but they were not raised for containers of containers.

> -   #2258 : Fix missing errors for bad pointer handling with multi-level containers.

Author: On the main branch most of the files don't translate due to #1945 but it is possible to construct an example that compiles.
E.g. on the main branch:
```python
def f():
    a = [1,2,3]
    e = [4,5,6]
    b = [a, e]
    c = b[0]
    return c
```
translates to a C file that compiles but trying to use this function should lead to a seg fault (I think currently there are copies that mean that it is not as dangerous)

> -   #2258 : Fix missing errors for bad pointer handling with multi-level containers.

Reviewer: Thanks for the explanation! To me it was not clear that by "container" you meant pretty much any object of a user-defined class...

> -   #2258 : Fix missing errors for bad pointer handling with multi-level containers.

Author: By "container" I mean any object that contains other objects. In particular lists/sets/tuples/dicts. I don't usually mean user-defined classes here

> -   #2258 : Fix missing errors for bad pointer handling with multi-level containers.

Author: Do you have a better suggestion? The word container is used in many places in the CHANGELOG. E.g:
```md
-   #2009 : Add support for `in` operator for `list`, `set`, `dict` and class containers.
-   #1874 : Add C and Fortran support for the `len()` function for the `list` container.
-   #1875 : Add C and Fortran support for the `len()` function for the `set` container.
-   #1908 : Add C and Fortran support for the `len()` function for the `dict` container.
```

> -   #2258 : Fix missing errors for bad pointer handling with multi-level containers.

Reviewer: > Thanks for the explanation! To me it was not clear that by "container" you meant pretty much any object of a user-defined class...

Sorry, I wrote too quickly and left out the important word "also", meaning "in addition to the usual `lists/sets/tuples/dicts`.

> -   #2258 : Fix missing errors for bad pointer handling with multi-level containers.

Reviewer: My point is simply that it is not common language to refer to any data structure as a container. With "container" one *usually* means an object where you can put pointers to other objects, and *usually* at run time.

> -   #2258 : Fix missing errors for bad pointer handling with multi-level containers.

Author: I have the impression that we aren't quite talking about the same thing. By "multi-level containers" I mean lists of lists, lists of sets, lists of arrays, dicts with lists as key, etc.
All of these are objects where you can store pointers at runtime.
I am not talking about any data structure.
The only case that is not described here but is handled by this PR is a container of user defined classes. In this case I would not describe the class as a container so I would not talk about a multi-level container, however as classes (unlike other scalars) must be stored in pointers, this PR also fixes the errors for those.

> -   #2258 : Fix missing errors for bad pointer handling with multi-level containers.

Author: ```suggestion
-   #2258 Fix missing errors for bad pointer handling in the case of containers with mutable elements.
```

> -   #2258 : Fix missing errors for bad pointer handling with multi-level containers.

Reviewer: Yes, that is much clearer! Thanks
